All right let's go ahead and create our mock up.
So first thing we're going to do is we want to open up one of our old mockup tasks doesn't matter which
one it is because we're going to save it out as a new test.
So I have our animation test too which is where he's jumping up and down.
So first thing I want to do is I want to delete all of my layers then I'm going to go ahead and delete
all of my friends.
Now we can go ahead and start grabbing our brains of one of the time and dropping them into our mock
up test.
So go ahead and get him into position.
Now this will be very easy to line up since all of their poses are exactly the same.
Remember you'll get the pink box around your character if they're completely lined up.
So everything looks good.
So first off what I'm going to do is I'm going to turn off all of my layers except for frame one and
we can go ahead and add a new frame and turn off frame one and turn on frame 2.
And like we've done previously we're going to go ahead and do this for every frame so add a new frame
turn off the previous frame turn on the new frame.
We'll just do that until we get to frame 6.
All right.
Great.
So we've done that
looking good.
All right.
Let's go ahead and play it and see how it looks.
Awesome.
It's got a nice little hover there to his head.
So this looks pretty good.
All right.
I hope this has been really cool and exciting for you to learn how to animate your own character in
Photoshop in the next lectures.
I'm going to show you how you can bring in these right sheets into unity the game engine and get them
ready and prepped for an actual game.
Now this isn't a programming course so I'm not going to show you how to program your character to move
and do all that stuff.
But I will show you how to get them ready for that stage.
Thank you for watching and I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.